new quickstart guides (#3060)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sign-into-mobile-app-redirect/main/ios/testapp.md

> Build and run your app in Simulator or on a device. Tap the Sign In button at the top of the screen and then tap Continue in the permission request alert that appears. The Okta sign-in browser opens over the app. Afer the user successfully signs in, the browser closes and the app shows two rows of buttons, a Sign Out button at the top, and buttons to show the user info, the token, and to refresh the token, something you'll do in [Keep the user signed in](#keep-the-user-signed-in).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build and run your app in Simulator or on a device. Tap **Sign In** at the top of the screen and then tap **Continue** in the permission request alert that appears. The Okta sign-in browser opens over the app. After the user successfully signs in, the browser closes and the app shows two rows of buttons, a **Sign Out** button at the top, and buttons to show the user info, the token, and to refresh the token, something you do in [Keep the user signed in](#keep-the-user-signed-in).
```
